TF-9287 Add priority attribute to variable set resource and data source (#1075)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-tfe: website/docs/r/variable_set.html.markdown

}
```

Create a priority variable set:

```hcl
resource "tfe_organization" "test" {
  name  = "my-org-name"
  email = "admin@company.com"
}

resource "tfe_variable_set" "test" {
  name         = "Global Varset"
  description  = "Variable set applied to all workspaces."
  priority     = true
  organization = tfe_organization.test.name
}

resource "tfe_variable" "test-a" {
  key             = "seperate_variable"
  value           = "my_value_name"
  category        = "terraform"
  description     = "a useful description"
  variable_set_id = tfe_variable_set.test.id
}

resource "tfe_variable" "test-b" {
  key             = "another_variable"
  value           = "my_value_name"
  category        = "env"
  description     = "an environment variable"
  variable_set_id = tfe_variable_set.test.id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the variable set.
* `description` - (Optional) Description of the variable set.
* `global` - (Optional) Whether the variable set applies to all workspaces in the organization. Defaults to `false`.

> * `priority` - (Optional) Whether the variables in this set are able to be over-written. Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: Small adjustment to line up with other docs language.

```suggestion
* `priority` - (Optional) Whether the variables in this set are able to be over-written by more specific scopes. Defaults to `false`.
```

> * `priority` - (Optional) Whether the variables in this set are able to be over-written by more specific scopes. Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `priority` - (Optional) Whether the variables in this set can be over-written by more specific scopes including values set on the command line. Defaults to `false`.
```
Does this description work?
